I don't remember the context for half of these quotes.
History truly does work in cycles.
I am going to stare at a mirror for hours and wonder how do you function in life.
Fuck it you all get an F.
Your only mistake is trying to get anywhere with this topic while talking with interro.
Shut up and stop disrupting my class.
Wanna back up those big words of yours?
But know this, you all suck eggs.
Reading your posts if off putting enough.
I believe in collective punishment so if someone screws up, everyone pays the price.
You're all getting detention.
And now we wait for lady capslock to return and confirm your answer.
That's the worst submission we've ever had, even with that isolation mission which crashed everyone's game when w1 starts.
It's still not the worst submission we ever had.
It's probably in the sun itself.
I'm trying to get money for the CC servers, but hoxton keeps going into jail and we need to break him out like once every three days or so.
Well we all knew mince was a fat fuck.
You could also start hitting the gym and become fucking ripped.
I am the radiant morning star, which lights the way for the sons of man.
Are you saying you wouldn't be intimidated by a trash fairy?
Somehow it's not surprising to me that the pepe avatar weeb has stupid opinions like that.
The one thing stopping you is getting called a cunt.
Butterflies cause hurricanes like closing your eyes causes the world to vanish.
I'm sorry sir but I must've left it in my other ribcage.
Please never make missions for my maps again.
Making the mother of all omelettes here, birb can't fret over every hatch.
The answer's there in front of you and you just ignore it because it's not being spoonfed to you.
So instead I'm going to harass you here and leave a snarky comment about ruining your day.
I have found a new way to fuck with god.
Titanium tiddies.
Fortnite dancing is only allowed to be posted if you film yourself doing it.
I'll even throw you a name suggestion for shits and giggles. Rothendämmerung.
Doom and gta are turning everyone into murderous satanists.
You've just decided at some point that it's a bad idea and are now trying to rationalize it to yourself.
The noise of badpipes shines through you.
Makes sense since I am a joke.
https://youtu.be/89ZfbX4Rdzw
I'll be honest, this is a weird time to bring up having aspergers.
If a microwave can write missions, what's your excuse?
Not trying to boast but everyone fears me.
Get a gym membership.
The above zip has been uploaded to the ancient homosexual.
I am millennial masterrace.
We'd have to delete interrobang too, that would be too much collateral damage.
Blessed baguetter.
Piss at them and kill them via radiation poisoning.
Is this the old definition of gay?
Real men take a picture of this chat and tape them to a wall.
The one thing that has been consistent through-out the campaign is you being an idiot.
The weebs shall curse you for going against their way, and place a heavy burden of atonement on your shoulders, which you shall bear for all eternity. But they are mistaken if they believe this to be a punishment. No, this is the path you must follow. For even greater power lies at the end of the road you have been set toward.
To make youtube better, youtube should ban itself.
owo
My mama told me not to listen to lunatics.
I only smoke KFC, thank you very much.
Say marco polo and wait for someone to start whining about how you're not doing it right.
Go back to the meme channel you poof.
Lesson learned: don't do anything interro tells you to do.
There will be no unauthorized emotional bursts.
My missions don't have poor design you just suck.
vörljeböle
Thank you for interrupting me to make such an important post.
Real gamers speak in morse code only.
Take your best shot, flatlander woman.
Imagine having your question answered before you even think it.
I can write some smartass quips and I don't have to explain that I'm being a smartass.
Then become a wizard and use your arcanum to magic it into existence.
You don't know what you ask, playtester. because my missions are too *s t r o n g*.
You know it's a successful test when something breaks horribly.
We're on the weird part of the internet again xDDDDDDDDD xXDDX
An airstrike that levels a city and vaporizes a few giant spiders is acceptable collateral damage.
Seducing yourself would be quite a challenge.
With your rejection of weeaboos, a new power awakens within you.
Alternatively, "my mama told me to not trust people with anime avatars".
"Oh dear," says God, "I hadn't thought of that," and promptly vanishes in a puff of logic.
Everyone has a plan until they see five fucking tanks.
Giza isn't as bad as people say it is.
Cringe like this is why chat has the same 10 people every day out of thousands of members tbh.  Nobody wants to participate in this.
Do you accept vodka or navy ships as payment?
Pepsi had the 6th largest military at one point.
I think we should gather data about wasting time.
I will make a note for the next time interro gets a bright idea.
Mann Co hates this!!! Local man unlocks all potato.tf medals using this weird trick...
I will immediately say no to it because *snitter*.
I don't know what to say about becoming a quote dispenser.
Then we had that moment on teien where the train was blocked by seelpit's massive bust.
Send me the bees.
First we establish that interro has never worn pants, and now we find out that he threatened jaka with his gun.
Having to give my respective prayers to all of them is easily going to take half a day.
The 38% gang rides no more.
Don't be nuke, leave some written fb.
I'm doing the badpipes in the void, and nobody can stop me.
And then they fortnite danced in the suicide forest.
You played skyrim earlier you fucking weapon.
I don't even know what are you trying to say but I'll just pretend it's correct.
Collaborating with yourself is the way of the future.
Should've read the rules, Nuke. Now you're getting kicked.
Europe is weak. Save us glorious americans.
I can speak from personal experience but that doesn't make what I say credible.
Which woke up first, your ass or the rest of you?
I remember showing up to testing/judging while drunk once. It was the most authentic demoman I've ever played.
Is using your own face as a discord avatar narcissistic?
We're going to break this mission like a newborn baby.
I can guarantee you that most of yorick is from me.
My avatar scares them away.
You have begun to dabble in life and already see the futility of your actions.
I'm just going to finish what's left of my whiskey and watch stupid shit.
The best piece of fb Ive ever gotten was that one of my maps looked like a gmod rp map.
What kinda business have you guys been doing on radar to produce a **300** mb demo?
Much like you can't keep them alive when their poor choices catch up to them.
You say that but I've definitely been on judging runs while drunk as hell.
I suggest you seek guidance from your nearest crystal ball.
Heavy has ammo problems? Heavy straps a fucking dispenser to his back.
Would you like a crotch donut?
No you should not fuck a shield with a car battery attached.
It was actually a production error, the swastika wasn't supposed to be angled.
Gods are meant to be defied. The enbodiment of arrogance, demanding the masses to bend the knee yet unwilling to reveal themselves.
Map making has a whole bunch of steps to it, the first being "what the fuck is Hammer?".
@Nuke we actually talked about your quetzal mission earlier but glad to know we can pretend it never happened.
Everything can spin when you can do anything.
I've given a lot of shit for alice being dense and here we have the human equivalent of a fucking neutron star.
I never said this before but this is probably the first time I've seen someone shoehorn themselves into a meme format like this.
How dare you not buy our dlc.
Yes you always were a joke.
When it comes to cringe you win with experience.
You sound like you showed up to mvm after twocities now.
I'd appreciate a date before you go for my groin. You'd still have to book a table for three but the thought of being the third wheel to my groin is hilarious.
Go back behind your projectile shield.
Can I just give shrek the boot?
So me having the same parents as myself means I am my own sibling?
You could've offered me the courtesy of proper grammar.
There's a soda machine next to the couch but it hasn't been stocked since november so the goods may be out of date.
First game to support direct neural interfacing and it'll be minecraft.
How much force would someone have to exert in order to have their arm separate from their body?
I am killing countless businesses with my existence
I don't drink water because that's where fish have sex
Let's hold a vote so people can say how much they hate the thing you made.
Oh the good old "beatings will continue until allegations of being a primate cease".
I go full unga first. Then get bunga to unga more.
The dankest stench is in the air. The funk of fourty-thousand years. Creatures crawl in search of spuds. To terrorize your neighborhood. And though you fight to claim one. And servers burst at the seams. No mere mortal can resist. The evil of the memes.
han har den roliga fisken xDDD jätte ebin
you shouldn't use yorick as a tool to share your personal kinks like that
FUCKING AMAZING SHIT BRO, YOU SHOULD MAKE A PATENT FOR IT, MY FAMALAMADINGDONG
You put that quality back in that hat, buddy. You are disrupting a vital duality with your careless arcanery
I could call this a lesson but you won't learn anything because the testing server will be gone
I could call this a lesson but you won't learn anything because the testing server will be gone
I can't be wrong if people agree with me. This is the undisputable truth
Would you like to hear from our lord and saviour, raid: shadow legends?
yes bruh, what a history lesson bruh. bruh bruh my fam bruh
I'd like to see you try doing more than just having bots with their names referring to stupid shit you read on main chat one day
nothing turns people on like a bird pfp and insults
Mission making is hard and sometimes you have to choose between Fortnite and missions
Anything that doesn't fight back is the best victim.
that's a fair question but should you ask that as one who is the effigy of robot slaughter
He sold me life insurance during a mission test. Then I got backstabbed by a spy and got $7000
This message shouldn't appear, unless you got lucky with your RNG value. In which case, something went wrong and this is just an error handler message. Or maybe you just got it by cheating somehow, you filthy cheat.
Have you tried using !aardwolf yet?